Updating workflows/transcriptomics/rnaseq-pe from 0.4 to 0.5 (#185)
galaxyproject/iwc: workflows/transcriptomics/rnaseq-pe/README.md

## Inputs values

- adapter sequences: this depends on the library preparation. Usually classical Illumina RNA libraries are Truseq and ISML (relatively new Illumina library) is Nextera. If you don't know, use FastQC to determine if it is Truseq or Nextera. If the read length is relatively short (50bp), there is probably no adapter so it will not impact your results.
- reference_genome: this field will be adapted to the genomes available for STAR

> - strandness: For stranded RNA, reverse means that the first read in pair is complementary to the coding sequence, forward means that the first read in pair is in the same orientation as the coding sequence. This will help you to get from STAR only the counts corresponding to your library preparation. This is also used for the stranded coverage and for FPKM computation with cufflinks/StringTie.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- strandedness: For stranded RNA, reverse means that the first read in a pair is complementary to the coding sequence, forward means that the first read in a pair is in the same orientation as the coding sequence. This will only count alignments that are compatible with your library preparation strategy. This is also used for the stranded coverage and for FPKM computation with cufflinks/StringTie.
```

- cufflinks_FPKM: Whether you want to get FPKM with Cufflinks (pretty long)
- stringtie_FPKM: Whether you want to get FPKM/TPM etc... with StringTie.

## Processing

- The workflow will remove adapters and low quality bases and filter out any read smaller than 15bp.

> - The filtered reads are mapped with STAR with ENCODE parameters (for long RNA-seq but I use it for short also). STAR is also used to count reads per gene and generate stranded specific normalized coverage (on uniquely mapped reads).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The filtered reads are mapped with STAR with ENCODE parameters (for long RNA-seq but I use it for short also). STAR is also used to count reads per gene and generate strand-specific normalized coverage (on uniquely mapped reads).
```

> - A multiQC is run to have an overview of the QC. This can also be used to get the strandness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A multiQC is run to have an overview of the QC. This can also be used to get the strandedness.
```

- FPKM values for genes and transcripts are computed with cufflinks using correction for multi-mapped reads (this step is optionnal).
- FPKM/TPM values for genes are computed with StringTie.
- The BAM is filtered to keep only uniquely mapped reads (tag NH:i:1).

> - Coverage unstranded is computed with bedtools and normalized to the number of million uniquely mapped reads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unstranded coverage is computed with bedtools and normalized to the number of million uniquely mapped reads.
```
